id_operation
dqxor808 xor -1000  Inf   -> NaN Invalid_operation
dqxor809 xor -Inf   Inf   -> NaN Invalid_operation
dqxor810 xor -1     Inf   -> NaN Invalid_operation
dqxor811 xor -0     Inf   -> NaN Invalid_operation
dqxor812 xor  0     Inf   -> NaN Invalid_operation
dqxor813 xor  1     Inf   -> NaN Invalid_operation
dqxor814 xor  1000  Inf   -> NaN Invalid_operation
dqxor815 xor  Inf   Inf   -> NaN Invalid_operation

dqxor821 xor  NaN -Inf    -> NaN Invalid_operation
dqxor822 xor  NaN -1000   -> NaN Invalid_operation
dqxor823 xor  NaN -1      -> NaN Invalid_operation
dqxor824 xor  NaN -0      -> NaN Invalid_operation
dqxor825 xor  NaN  0      -> NaN Invalid_operation
dqxor826 xor  NaN  1      -> NaN Invalid_operation
dqxor827 xor  NaN  1000   -> NaN Invalid_operation
dqxor828 xor  NaN  Inf    -> NaN Invalid_operation
dqxor829 xor  NaN  NaN    -> NaN Invalid_operation
dqxor830 xor -Inf  NaN    -> NaN Invalid_operation
dqxor831 xor -1000 NaN    -> NaN Invalid_operation
dqxor832 xor -1    NaN    -> NaN Invalid_operation
dqxor833 xor -0    NaN    -> NaN Invalid_operation
dqxor834 xor  0    NaN    -> NaN Invalid_operation
dqxor835 xor  1    NaN    -> NaN Invalid_operation
dqxor836 xor  1000 NaN    -> NaN Invalid_operation
dqxor837 xor  Inf  NaN    -> NaN Invalid_operation

dqxor841 xor  sNaN -Inf   ->  NaN  Invalid_operation
dqxor842 xor  sNaN -1000  ->  NaN  Invalid_operation
dqxor843 xor  sNaN -1     ->  NaN  Invalid_operation
dqxor844 xor  sNaN -0     ->  NaN  Invalid_operation
dqxor845 xor  sNaN  0     ->  NaN  Invalid_operation
dqxor846 xor  sNaN  1     ->  NaN  Invalid_operation
dqxor847 xor  sNaN  1000  ->  NaN  Invalid_operation
dqxor848 xor  sNaN  NaN   ->  NaN  Invalid_operation
dqxor849 xor  sNaN sNaN   ->  NaN  Invalid_operation
dqxor850 xor  NaN  sNaN   ->  NaN  Invalid_operation
dqxor851 xor -Inf  sNaN   ->  NaN  Invalid_operation
dqxor852 xor -1000 sNaN   ->  NaN  Invalid_operation
dqxor853 xor -1    sNaN   ->  NaN  Invalid_operation
dqxor854 xor -0    sNaN   ->  NaN  Invalid_operation
dqxor855 xor  0    sNaN   ->  NaN  Invalid_operation
dqxor856 xor  1    sNaN   ->  NaN  Invalid_operation
dqxor857 xor  1000 sNaN   ->  NaN  Invalid_operation
dqxor858 xor  Inf  sNaN   ->  NaN  Invalid_operation
dqxor859 xor  NaN  sNaN   ->  NaN  Invalid_operation

-- propagating NaNs
dqxo